c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\obj\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\TestingXamarin\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll.mdb
