c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\TestUI.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\TestUI.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.UITest.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.UITest.xml
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\obj\Release\TestUI.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\obj\Release\TestUI.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.Android.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.Android.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\TestingXamarin.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\georg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestingXamarin\TestUI\obj\Release\TestUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
